musk oxen male stand 5 feet at
the shoulder and weigh a massive
800 pounds
aside from polar bears they are
the largest animals that roam
the Arctic tundra but even they
are vulnerable to predators a
pack of arctic wolves catches
the herd set
yeah
the musk oxen scrambled to form
a defensive ring the adults
equipped with long horns are
more than a match for the Wolves
but it's not the adults the
wolves are after the herd panics
and runs it is a fatal mistake
their lines broken they cannot
protect their young
the Wolves separate out a cap
though it's as large as the
alpha male wolf but calf is
still one against many without
the help of its heard the CAF
eventually succumbs to the pack
a few days later the wolf pack
is on the hunt again their
quarry as before our musk oxen
the often tried to run away but
this time the adults stick close
to their calf built for the
frigid Arctic muskoxen will
actually overheat if they run
for too long they were all
around to face off against their
pursuers the Wolves try again to
make the run but the attempts
are half-hearted at best and the
oxen stand their ground opting
for easier targets the Wolves
move on leaving the tundra free
for the musk oxen to roam again